fix(docs): various doc updates (#203)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/Concepts/tts.md

seoImage: '../../assets/docs/concepts-tts.png'
---

> Spokestack offers a rich, controllable text-to-speech (TTS) system. The voices available to use in your app are determined by your API client identifier, but we offer a demo voice to all users so that you can try custom TTS in your app without making a commitment. If you need a unique voice for your project, our [Maker tier](/pricing#maker) lets you create your own! If you'd like a custom voice created from studio-quality recordings, [contact us](mailto:hello@spokestack.io), and we can work with you to create a unique experience for your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spokestack offers a rich, controllable text-to-speech (TTS) system. The voices available to use in your app are determined by your API client identifier, but we offer a demo voice to all users so that you can try custom TTS in your app without making a commitment. If you need a unique voice for your project, our [Maker tier](/account/upgrade) lets you create your own! If you'd like a custom voice created from studio-quality recordings, [contact us](mailto:hello@spokestack.io), and we can work with you to create a unique experience for your users.
```

> Spokestack offers a rich, controllable text-to-speech (TTS) system. The voices available to use in your app are determined by your API client identifier, but we offer a demo voice to all users so that you can try custom TTS in your app without making a commitment. If you need a unique voice for your project, our [Maker tier](/account/upgrade) lets you create your own! If you'd like a custom voice created from studio-quality recordings, [contact us](mailto:hello@spokestack.io), and we can work with you to create a unique experience for your users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spokestack offers a rich, controllable text-to-speech (TTS) system. The voices available to use in your app are determined by your API client identifier, but we offer a demo voice to all users so that you can try custom TTS in your app without making a commitment. If you need a unique voice for your project, our [Maker tier](/pricing#maker) lets you create your own! If you'd like a custom voice created from studio-quality recordings, [contact us](mailto:hello@spokestack.io), and we can work with you to create a unique experience for your users.
```
